Argentina is a country in the southern half of South America. Argentina covers an area of 2,780,400 km2 (1,073,500 sq mi), making it the second-largest country in South America after Brazil, the fourth-largest country in the Americas, and the eighth-largest country in the world. It shares the bulk of the Southern Cone with Chile to the west, and is also bordered by Bolivia and Paraguay to the north, Brazil to the northeast, Uruguay and the South Atlantic Ocean to the east, and the Drake Passage to the south. Argentina is a federal state subdivided into twenty-three provinces, and one autonomous city, which is the federal capital and largest city of the nation, Buenos Aires. The provinces and the capital have their own constitutions, but exist under a federal system. Argentina claims sovereignty over a part of Antarctica, the Falkland Islands and South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. 

Travel to Argentina and you’ll be rewarded with natural wonders and one of the world’s most stylish capital cities, Buenos Aires . Stretching from the Tropic of Capricorn towards the tip of Antarctica, Argentina encompasses a staggering diversity of terrains. You’ll find everything from lush wetlands to the end-of-the-world archipelago of Tierra del Fuego. Its most emblematic landscapes are the flatlands of the Pampas and the dramatic steppe of Patagonia. Read our guide to Argentina for everything you need to know before you go.

Currency: Argentine peso
Exchange rate (USD): 1 US dollar = 144.63 Argentine Peso

Getting around Argentina takes longer than you might think; distances are huge, and you are likely to spend a considerable part of your budget on travel. Ground transport (mostly by bus) will give a true impression of the scale of the country and a chance to see the landscape. If you’re planning to cover big distances when you travel in Argentina – especially around Patagonia – domestic flights can save a day or more. The inter-city bus network is extensive but services in remote areas can be poor; in these places, it is worth considering car rental. Train services are run-down and limited and not generally a viable method of traveling in Argentina.

Accommodation in Argentina runs the gamut from campsites and youth hostels to fabulously luxurious estancias (ranches) and opulent hotels offering every conceivable amenity. Between these two extremes you’ll find a whole variety of establishments, including charming old colonial houses with balconies and dark and seedy hotels that lack so much as a window. Informal room rental is also common in towns with seasonal influxes of tourists but too few hotels to cope.