Canada is a country in North America. Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean and northward into the Arctic Ocean, covering over 9.98 million square kilometres (3.85 million square miles), making it the world's second-largest country by total area. Its southern and western border with the United States, stretching 8,891 kilometres (5,525 mi), is the world's longest binational land border. Canada's capital is Ottawa, and its three largest metropolitan areas are Toronto, Montreal, and Vancouver. 

When it comes to popular bucket list items, seeing the Northern Lights is right up there with skydiving and bungee jumping. Everyone has seen the images of bright, vibrant colours filling the dark night sky, but these images don’t even come close to experiencing it in real life. And if you want to experience the real thing, the Northwest Territories is the place to do it.

Currency: Canadian dollar
Exchange rate (USD): 1 US dollar = 1.34 Canadian dollar

Travelling between provinces and territories by air is simple. All large Canadian centres have direct flights from major American airports. Train travel is one of the best ways to explore our Canada. From gourmet service in the Rocky Mountaineer's custom-designed GoldLeaf Dome Coach, to a spectacular cross-country journey on ViaRail's the Canadian, to a vintage luxury ride on the Royal Canadian Pacific, romance of the rails is alive and well in Canada. Most Canadian cities have public transit systems. Buses account for most of the fleets, but many major Canadian cities also have subways, metros or light rapid transit services, include Vancouver (SkyTrain), Calgary (CTrain), Edmonton (LRT), Toronto (subway), Ottawa (O-Train) and Montréal (metro).

Before you arrive in Canada, it’s crucial to at least have somewhere lined up for your first few days or weeks. Hostels and hotels are plentiful in urban areas, though you may wish to book well in advance to ensure you have the widest choice of temporary accommodation in Canada available to you.
