Japan is an island country in East Asia. It is situated in the northwest Pacific Ocean, and is bordered on the west by the Sea of Japan, while extending from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north toward the East China Sea, Philippine Sea, and Taiwan in the south. Japan is a part of the Ring of Fire, and spans an archipelago of 6852 islands covering 377,975 square kilometers (145,937 sq mi); the five main islands are Hokkaido, Honshu (the "mainland"), Shikoku, Kyushu, and Okinawa. Tokyo is the nation's capital and largest city, followed by Yokohama, Osaka, Nagoya, Sapporo, Fukuoka, Kobe, and Kyoto. Japan is the eleventh most populous country in the world, as well as one of the most densely populated and urbanized. About three-fourths of the country's terrain is mountainous, concentrating its population of 125.5 million on narrow coastal plains. Japan is divided into 47 administrative prefectures and eight traditional regions. The Greater Tokyo Area is the most populous metropolitan area in the world, with more than 37.4 million residents. 

Across Japan, you will find cultural heritage high rated by international standards. See industry-leading architecture and design, and enjoy the beauty of the changing seasons, from magnificent gardens to department stores and cuisine. Leave the towns and cities behind, and discover hot spring hamlets in the mountains, white sandy beaches and an array of adventure activities.

Currency: Japanese Yen
Exchange rate (USD): 1 US dollar = 143.68 Japanese yen

Japan's peerless public transportation shuttles you through sprawling cities and quaint villages at break-neck speed and with pinpoint punctuality. From the sleek shinkansen to the humble local train, timetables are followed religiously with a service you can quite literally set your watch by. Local buses and long-distance coaches follow suit and the army of taxis that patrol the streets are spotlessly clean and unreservedly trustworthy. In addition to this unrivaled service, a vast array of discount passes and travel cards are available offering wallet-friendly options to allow you to travel farther and wider with the upmost convenience and ease.

To the discerning traveler, Japan is home to some of the world’s finest boutique and flagship hotels. Cutting-edge facilities in prime locations let visitors enjoy elegant evenings with cocktails in the magnificent surrounds of a rooftop bar over a glittering metropolitan nightscape.
For a more traditional experience, the refined aesthetic of a ryokan resort presents old Japan with a luxurious twist. Secluded in the Japanese countryside, these hideaways awaken the senses with their rarefied quarters and outdoor hot spring baths surrounded by nature.
Whatever your choice, the world-renowned Japanese hospitality will have you feeling pampered and relaxed, helping you to enjoy your travels to the fullest.
